Add v0.33 rc changes (#538)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

> * Add more MPI synchronization for safter MPI calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add MPI synchronization in places to safely handle communicated data.
```

Author: Done!

### Bug fixes

> * Fix MPI python unit tests for adjoint method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix MPI Python unit tests for the adjoint method.
```

  [(#538)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/538)

### Contributors

This release contains contributions from (in alphabetical order):

Vincent Michaud-Rioux, Shuli Shu

# Release 0.33.0

### New features since last release

> * Add documentation updates for the `lightning_gpu` backend.

Author: Updated!

### Bug fixes

> * Fix CI issues running py-cov with MPI. 

Author: Updated! Thanks
